Welcome back.
So we have our well frankly really boring Web site but we've created our server.
But what else can we do.
A server usually accepts a request from the browser.
Right now up until now we've done what we call a route route that is the home road because in here we
haven't written anything.
But sometimes in a Web site you might see something like blog write and if I hit enter you see that
not fun that you are all was not found on the server again.
That's because right now our server is only waiting to hear for the route request.
But if we type something like blog.
Well there's no function here that cares about that.
So it seems that there's nothing to care about and moves on.
So let's create a blog wrote as well.
I'm going to copy paste and just stay that hey we want to listen to the blog end point.
This is going to be called let's call it blog and say these are my thoughts on blogs fi save again.
We have the debugger mode so I don't need to restart fi refresh now.
Look at that.
These are my thoughts on blogs and if I go to their root directory I get.
Hello.
We now have multiple routes.
How cool is that.
By the way if we open up the developer tools go to developer tools open up the network and just refresh
year you see that we're getting a document ignored this part.
This is just the developer tools in the plugins that I have.
But this is what we get back.
We just get a simple document a response which is a text.
And if I go to headers and I actually scroll down you see that I requested this your URL.
I got a status of two hundred and I see here that the content type that the server responded with was
something called text HMO.
Now this is something that flask does for us you see over here that I just sent a string.
But the flask automatically converts that to H2 and also that the browser can understand it as a matter
of fact if I go to elements here you see here that I have my HMO with a body of hello inside of so that's
something that we get automatically which is really really nice but now we can start doing some really
neat things.
For example let's create a another wrote and this time let's say I want the blog from let's say 2020
about dogs can I do that.
Well yeah absolutely.
Let's say blog to and this says this is my dog.
Very very engaging blog posts there.
So now if I go back I do blog.
All right I get that if I do blog 2020 let's say dogs I get.
This is my dog awesome so I can have multiple routes like this.
What if I remove this and have two blocks with the same end point
if we go back and just go to blog I get these are my thoughts on blogs because once a hits a wrote that
it sees which online nine it sees it's going to automatically just return and forget about the rest.
So let's bring our dogs blog post back but you know what's a shame because we have this beautiful website.
I'm being sarcastic here.
This beautiful Asian male Web site that we've created with CSX and JavaScript.
Wouldn't it be nice if instead of me just sending out text I can actually send those could I do that.
Well yeah you can.
You see flask has a another thing called render underscore template and this render template function
is going to allow us to actually send the ACM alpha.
So let's say the home wrote.
Now instead of hello is going to do something different instead it's going to run the render template
function that comes with flask and then here we give it the HMO file that we have so we can give it
a route in our case because it's in the same folder as the server file.
We can just do index dot hasty amount fight run this.
Let's see if this works.
If I go back to my home wrote I get an error.
Let's read the error template not font index dot ECMO.
So it's tried to look for index not a shemale and it didn't find it.
That's not good is it.
What if we do a dot slash which means current directory grab the index dot H2 HDL fi save and refresh.
I still get the error.
Again this is another thing that you'd have to just learn as you read the documentation.
But the reason that this is not working is because flask automatically when you say render template
tries to look in a folder called templates.
So let's create that.
I'm going to say new folder.
Call it templates and put all my HMO files in this case the single HMO file that I have when I say move
and put it in the templates folder.
So now it's in here and let's save go back and refresh and look at that.
I am a web master.
Everything is working.
If I go to blog I get these are my thoughts on blogs but my HMO file that I've created is working perfectly
how awesome is that and flask use this this idea of templates to add multiple ACM alphas.
So for example I can create a new file.
Let's just say duplicate here.
So I'm going to duplicate this file and call it a about Dot HMO.
And this about that HMO is going to say about me and let's go into server dot pi and have the root folder
index start HRT mouth and perhaps add another out say about Dot HMO.
And yes I can do that as well.
And in here we'll grab the about Dot HMO let's call it whatever we want let's say about function and
if I go back go to
well it's not going to work because remember I added the DOT HMO.
There you go.
About me awesome.
This is great.
We're starting to learn about different routes and how servers work and we're able to send our ACM off.
But what about the JavaScript files and the CSF files.
How can we do that in the next video we'll find out.